there are two routes to capture dead clicks (#10361)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/docs/product-analytics/autocapture.mdx

    capture_dead_clicks: true,
    // any other config
})
```

> 

Reviewer: I'd suggest: "Note: The PostHog heatmap captures dead clicks for free, collecting only the coordinates of dead clicks to display in heatmaps. Enabling the autocapture of dead clicks here allows for deeper analysis and is priced as a standard product analytics event."

> > **Note:** The PostHog heatmap captures dead clicks for free. Collecting just the coordinates of dead clicks to display in heatmaps. Enabling autocapture of dead clicks here enables deeper analysis and is priced as a normal product analytics event. 

Author: ```suggestion
> **Note:** The PostHog heatmap captures dead clicks for free, collecting only the coordinates of dead clicks to display in heatmaps. Enabling the autocapture of dead clicks here allows for deeper analysis and is priced as a standard product analytics event.
```
